grade_9|Chemistry Question 1 grade_9|False
grade_9|Chemistry Question 2 grade_9|True
grade_9|Chemistry Question 3 grade_9|False
grade_9|Chemistry Question 4 grade_9|True
grade_9|Chemistry Question 5 grade_9|False
grade_9|Chemistry Question 6 grade_9|True
grade_9|Chemistry Question 7 grade_9 |False
grade_9|Chemistry Question 8 grade_9|True
grade_9|Chemistry Question 9 grade_9|True
grade_9|Chemistry Question 10 grade_9|False

grade_10|Chemistry Question 1 grade_10|False
grade_10|Chemistry Question 2 grade_10|True
grade_10|Chemistry Question 3 grade_10|False
grade_10|Chemistry Question 4 grade_10|True
grade_10|Chemistry Question 5 grade_10|False
grade_10|Chemistry Question 6 grade_10|True
grade_10|Chemistry Question 7 grade_10 |False
grade_10|Chemistry Question 8 grade_10|True
grade_10|Chemistry Question 9 grade_10|True
grade_10|Chemistry Question 10 grade_10|False

grade_11|Chemistry Question 1 grade_11|False
grade_11|Chemistry Question 2 grade_11|True
grade_11|Chemistry Question 3 grade_11|False
grade_11|Chemistry Question 4 grade_11|True
grade_11|Chemistry Question 5 grade_11|False
grade_11|Chemistry Question 6 grade_11|True
grade_11|Chemistry Question 7 grade_11 |False
grade_11|Chemistry Question 8 grade_11|True
grade_11|Chemistry Question 9 grade_11|True
grade_11|Chemistry Question 10 grade_11|False

grade_12|Chemistry Question 1 grade_12|False
grade_12|Chemistry Question 2 grade_12|True
grade_12|Chemistry Question 3 grade_12|False
grade_12|Chemistry Question 4 grade_12|True
grade_12|Chemistry Question 5 grade_12|False
grade_12|Chemistry Question 6 grade_12|True
grade_12|Chemistry Question 7 grade_12 |False
grade_12|Chemistry Question 8 grade_12|True
grade_12|Chemistry Question 9 grade_12|True
grade_12|Chemistry Question 10 grade_12|False